Copyright 2009

Name: 		R&G Candy
Author:		Pete
Date:		Saturday Aug. 01, 2009 6:36 PM

This style is licensed under The FreeBSD Documentation License. The license
can be found here: http://www.freebsd.org/copyright/freebsd-doc-license.html


!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   WINDOW OPTIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

window.bevelWidth:              1
window.borderColor:             green
window.borderWidth:             1
window.button.focus: flat
window.button.focus.color:  black
window.button.focus.colorTo: black
window.button.focus.picColor:   red
window.button.pressed: flat
window.button.pressed.color:  green
window.button.pressed.colorTo: green
window.button.unfocus:          raised
window.button.unfocus.color:    black
window.button.unfocus.colorTo:  black
window.button.unfocus.picColor: green
window.font:                    sans-9:bold
window.frame.focusColor:        red
window.frame.unfocusColor:      green
window.grip.focus: flat
window.grip.focus.color:  red
window.grip.focus.colorTo: red
window.grip.unfocus: raised
window.grip.unfocus.color:  green
window.grip.unfocus.colorTo: green
window.handle.focus:           flat 
window.handle.focus.color:      black
window.handle.focus.colorTo:    black
window.handle.unfocus:          raised
window.handle.unfocus.color:    green
window.handle.unfocus.colorTo:  green
window.handleWidth:             1
window.justify:                 Center
window.label.active:            flat
window.label.active.textColor:  green
window.label.focus:             flat
window.label.focus.color:       black
window.label.focus.colorTo:     black
window.label.unfocus:           raised
window.label.unfocus.color:     black
window.label.unfocus.colorTo:   black
window.label.focus.textColor: red
window.label.unfocus.textColor: green
window.roundCorners:            TopRight TopLeft BottomRight BottomLeft
window.title.focus:            flat 
window.title.focus.color:       black
window.title.focus.colorTo:     black
window.title.height:            
window.title.unfocus:           raised
window.title.unfocus.color:     black
window.title.unfocus.colorTo:   black

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   MENU OPTIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

menu.bevelWidth:                1
menu.borderColor:               green
menu.borderWidth:               1
menu.bullet:                    triangle
menu.bullet.position:           right
menu.frame:                     flat
menu.frame.color:               black
menu.frame.colorTo:             black
menu.frame.disableColor:        red
menu.frame.font:                sans-9:bold
menu.frame.justify:             Left
menu.frame.textColor:           green
menu.hilite:                   	gradient 
menu.hilite.color:              green
menu.hilite.colorTo:            green
menu.hilite.textColor:          black
menu.itemHeight:                10
menu.title:                     flat
menu.title.color:               black
menu.title.colorTo:             black
menu.title.font:                sans-9:bold
menu.title.textColor:           red
menu.title.justify:             Left
menu.titleHeight:               15
menu.roundCorners:              TopRight TopLeft BottomRight BottomLeft

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   BACKGROUND !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

!background: gradient
!background.pixmap: <file or directory>
!background.color: black
!background.colorTo: darkgreen
!background.modX: 10
!background.modY: 10

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   SLIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

slit: <texture type>
slit.bevelWidth: 1
slit.borderColor: green
slit.borderWidth:               1
slit.color:                    
slit.colorTo:                   

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   TOOLBAR OPTIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

toolbar: flat
toolbar.bevelWidth:             1
toolbar.borderColor:            green
toolbar.borderWidth:            1
toolbar.button.scale:           <integer>
toolbar.color:  black
toolbar.colorTo: black
toolbar.clock: flat
toolbar.clock.borderColor:      black
toolbar.clock.borderWidth:      1
toolbar.clock.font:             sans-9:bold
toolbar.clock.justify:          Right
toolbar.clock.color:  black
toolbar.clock.colorTo: 
toolbar.clock.textColor:        green
toolbar.height:                 <integer>
toolbar.iconbar.focused: red
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color:  black
toolbar.iconbar.focused.colorTo: black
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused: flat
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.color:  black
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.colorTo: black
toolbar.iconbar.empty: black
toolbar.iconbar.empty.color:  black
toolbar.iconbar.empty.colorTo: black
toolbar.iconbar.focused.borderColor: green
toolbar.iconbar.focused.borderWidth:    1
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.borderColor: green
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.borderWidth: 1 
toolbar.iconbar.borderColor:  black
toolbar.iconbar.borderWidth:            1
toolbar.iconbar.focused.font: sans-9:bold
toolbar.iconbar.focused.justify:        Left
toolbar.iconbar.focused.textColor: red
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.font: sans-9:bold
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.justify:      Left
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.textColor: green
toolbar.shaped:                 true
toolbar.workspace.font:         sans-9:bold
toolbar.workspace.justify:      Left
toolbar.workspace.textColor:    green
toolbar.workspace:              flat
toolbar.workspace.borderColor:  green
toolbar.workspace.borderWidth:  1
toolbar.workspace.color:        black
toolbar.workspace.colorTo:      black
